1. Tell me about yourself?
   1. I am a recent graduate in computer science who thrives in difficult situations and high-stress environments.  I have been coding and taking computer courses for 8 years now.  I am a natural leader and love to help others.  Aswell as learning new skills and using those skills to help others.
2. What is your biggest strength?
   1. One of my biggest strengths is my work ethic, not getting discouraged when something goes wrong, and working tirelessly to achieve my goal.
3. What is your biggest weakness?
   1. My biggest weakness can be when I am working on something I can tend to get caught up on what I’m doing and if i am close to figuring out my work/ problem, I will try to do it on my own without asking for assistance.  But i am not afraid to ask for help from others.
4. Why should we hire you?
   1. You should hire me because I am a hardworking individual who loves to learn new things everyday, and I am an active listener and good communicator.  I am an extrovert and enjoy collaboration with others and hearing out others ideas.
5. How well do you handle stress?
   1. I handle stress very well, not letting it get to me or stopping me from completing the task at hand.  I feel that I thrive in high stresss environments compared to others.
6. Describe a time you have worked in a team?
   1. During my senior year of college, I had the pleasure of serving as the Student Body President, where I led a team of 12 other people, including my VP.  Delegating work and learning to that I dont have to do everything on my own, and being a leader for my executive board to look up to and ask for help when they felt it was needed.
7. Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
   1. In the next 5 years i see myself growing still and hopefully helping the company, that I work for, grow and advance in new technologies and systems.  Continuously learning new skills to help me in my job and everyday life.
8. Why are you suitable for this job?
   1. I believe I am fit for this job based on my experience and knowledge of computer science and my strong leadership abilities.  Aswell as being an active listener and keeping a growth mindset when facing new challenges.
9. Tell me about a time when you had to deal with a difficult person?
   1. When I have had to deal with difficult people I really rely on listening to them and hearing out why they may be upset ot stressed.  Taking what they tell me and trying to help them anyway I can without making their situation worse.  Not leaching out at them just because they are being difficult but trying to cool down the heated situations.
10. Why do you want to work here?
   1. I want to work here because I see myself helping the company grow and deal with problems they might have.  Also, growing myself to always learn new things and using thenew found  knowledge to help others/ the company also continuously grow.  Lastly I want to work here just to help others grow and learn, and work towards making the world become safer and more efficient when developing new systems or ideas.